# PR11

| []() | |
| --- | --- |
| **Campaign** | [Purple Rain](../README.md) |
| **Session** | 11 |
| **Date** | Wed 2020-12-16 |
| **Absences** | |
| **Guests** | |
| **Storylines** | [Finding the Goldreach Meteorite](../storylines.md/finding-the-goldreach-meteorite.md)<br />[Magicborn on the Run](../storylines.md/magicborn-on-the-run.md)<br />[Saoirse Contracts Meteoridis](../storylines.md/saoirse-contracts-meteoridis.md)<br />[Saoirse's Aasimar Cleansing](../storylines.md/saoirses-aasimar-cleansing.md)<br />[Thanea's Aasimar Awakening](../storylines.md/thaneas-aasimar-awakening.md)<br />[The Rising Threat of Meteors](../storylines.md/the-rising-threat-of-meteors.md)<br />[Torbra's Giant Lineage](../storylines.md/torbras-giant-lineage.md) |

## [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox/README.md) on the Road

### 08:00

Near to the beginning of [Grasthwaite Bend](../../../astarus/places/roads/grasthwaite-bend.md), the party traveling by horse and cart see 2 [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox/README.md) on horseback approaching in the opposite direction. [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) is the only one awake - everyone else is catching up on some much needed sleep.

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) stealthily places her halberd in the cart behind her, somewhere accessible in case she needs to reach for it at a moment's notice.

As the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox/README.md) approach, they go into single file to give the cart space on the road to pass. [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) continues on, as do the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox/README.md). [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) nods to them as they pass. They notice her, but after a moment where they decide whether to turn around, they continue on their way.

## Leaving the Road

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) turns the cart south west, leaving the road where she is able. She endeavours to continue until reaching river or forest. As she takes the horse and cart off road, eventually the rest of the party wake after a fulfilling sleep. With this, [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) stops the cart in a slight dip in the terrain, so that they can all discuss their next steps.

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) explains the plan to the rest of the group: to get to [Northhaven](../../../astarus/places/cities/northhaven.md) via Frizthwaite, taking a roundabout route. They could sell off their wares in order to hire/buy a boat and travel down the [River Humar](../../../astarus/places/rivers-lakes/river-humar.md).

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) and [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) check the small wooden boxes on the cart, finding:

- 8 pears (2 days of rations)
- Slices of raw meat, wrapped in hemp cloth (2 days of rations).
- Cheese rind. A hole in the side of the box.

## [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) Begins Hearing Voices

While everyone is chatting and discussing the food, [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) begins to hear a voice in her right ear. She turns her head and looks around to find a source of the voices, but finds none. She turns back to the party and assumes she is just hearing things.

## Camping

### 10:00

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) uses Produce Flame to create a campfire from some nearby branches. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) finds a stick suitable for making pear and meat skewers and begins cooking it over the open flame. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) then offers to cook the rest of the meat and pears, feeding the entire party enough to satiate them for the entire day.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) searches the nearby fields for herbs, coming across a large patch of lavender. She pockets 7 gp worth of herbs. Wrenn pulls out rations and eats by himself while reading one of his books.

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) is keen to get going again, but Wrenn insists that she sleeps. [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) gives [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) some basic instruction on how to control a horse and cart.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) has been staring off into the distance during this time, contemplative of her dream last night. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) notices, before [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) tries and fails to pick her up to try and place her into the cart.

Everyone gets back onto the cart:

- [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) drives.
- Wrenn navigates.
- Everyone else in the back.

## [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) Hears More Voices

As everyone is getting into the cart, voices once again ring through [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md)'s ear, startling her. Turning around makes no difference to the direction the voice comes from - it constantly sounds close to her right ear.

The words are gibberish, rambling nonsense. They are deep, guttural and old sounding.

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) pauses while getting into the back of the cart, almost frozen for a moment. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) notices this, seeing [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) not looking present in the moment, starting off into space. She kicks [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) and insists she hurries up. [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) continues hearing the voices throughout, trying to shake off the voice but failing.

She collapses into the cart gently, whispering "shut up, shut up, shut up!" under her breath with her hands on her head. When [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) asks if she's alright, [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) explains that she's hearing voices and is confused. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) remarks that [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) is supposed to be the crazy one due to her dreams. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) says that she feels fine before [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) says that she's not sure as she touched "the orb" ([Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) Meteorite) and passed out.

At this point [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md) speaks up, questioning what the orb is.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) explains that the Meteoric Dust that she showed Wrenn previously was from the same place as the meteorite. It was emitting purple light until [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) threw herself on it in an effort to cover up the light, causing her to pass out, but ultimately stopping the light.

The colour and expression leaves Wrenn's face. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) points out the meteorite pouch that [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) has attached to her belt, and Wrenn asks if she will show it to him. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) agrees providing Wrenn gives her back the pouch containing the Meteoric Dust that she previously gave him. He agrees reluctantly.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) pulls the [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) Meteorite out from the cloth it is wrapped in, displaying it in the palm of her hand. Wrenn's eyes light up, his jaw slackening in shock. He leans in and looks at it from several angles.

*[Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md):*

> Fantastic specimen. A-a-amazing! Erm... well done!

He takes it from [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md)'s hand, but she doesn't let go of it easily. He insists that [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) lets go, assuring her that she'll get it back once he's had a look at it. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) makes him swear a pinky promise, which he does, causing [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) to let go of the meteorite.

Wrenn mutters to himself while analyzing the meteorite. He remarks on its smooth surface before finding the crack in the outside, peering into it. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) explains that the dust came from inside there.

He tells the group that they have all outdone themselves before exclaiming that he's never seen a specimen like this. He insists that the party tells him everything. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) suggests that they talk while the cart is moving, so they set off.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) initially fails to compel the horse to move (natural 1). It instead defecates pungently.

As soon as the cart starts moving, the voices in [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md)'s head stop.

## Heading to Frizthwaite

### 10:30

While traveling south west towards Frizthwaite, [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) questions Wrenn about the meteorite. She remarks that the party doesn't really know what's going on. Wrenn explains that the orb is in fact a meteorite - a meteor (falling rock) that has impacted the earth.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) asks about the Meteoric Watchers that they encountered. Wrenn insists quite seriously that [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) tells him everything they know about the creatures.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) recalls the [Hawkswood Wolf Cave](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/hawkswood-wolf-cave.md) while Wrenn starts writing on paper from his bag. She recants the glowing purple meteor in the middle of the cave crater, as well as the dog-like grey creature with blade arms - initially one, but then another appeared.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) explains that the meteor was initially glowing white, but turned to purple when they laid eyes upon it. It stopped glowing when [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) threw herself upon it.

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) explains that the creatures could teleport, were nightmarish, and difficult to kill. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) draws comparison between the grey Meteoric Dust and the material that the Meteoric Watchers are made from. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) explains that they believe they fought 2 of them, especially as there were 2 piles of dust after they died.

Wrenn asks how they were killed. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) tries to explain how her Eldritch Blast works. Wrenn asks for a demonstration. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) stands to perform an Eldritch Blast out of the cart. She tumbles over the side of the cart, firing her Eldritch Blast into the air as she goes. Wrenn immediately identifies the spell correctly. [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) tries to help [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) back into the cart while it is moving but fails. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) eventually catches up with the cart, getting pulled in by those in the back.

Wrenn tells [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) that her spell is evocation magic and is called Eldritch Blast, explaining crudely that evocation magic is about conjuring elements and intent to harm. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) wishes instead to call it "Eldritch Fuck", which Wrenn laughs at affirmatively.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) cryptically explains that a friend of hers taught her this spell because she was bored and wanted to escape. Wrenn suggests that this is a story for another time.

Wrenn continues asking about the [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) Meteorite, asking if both of the Meteoric Watchers were killed by Eldritch Blast. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) explains that one was killed by the slice of [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md)'s halberd, though the halberd scraped against its exterior and subsequently is not as sharp as it used to be.

Wrenn then asks [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) about her falling on the meteorite. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) explains that she intentionally threw herself on the meteorite, at which point she passed out, unsure of how long she was out for. [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) explains that [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) woke up after [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) (Wild Shaped into a horse) kicked it.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) explains that she had previously dreamed of finding the meteorite, using information from her dream to help the party locate it. Wrenn once again tells [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) that he's not familiar with the concept of prophetic dreams (specifically about seeing the future when asleep). [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) is quick to point out that not everything from her dream came true. [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) mentions that her dreams have always been weird.

Having heard everyone's accounts of what happened, Wrenn appeared nervous. He tells [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) that once they're out of this mess, he'd like to introduce them to someone (Tyburn Dalvos) who also sees the future, though when they are awake, not asleep. He explains there is an old word for it: "seer".

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) is once again starting into the distance, not paying attention.

Wrenn then goes on to inform the party that his order ([Astorrel](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/README.md)) should be able to keep them safe if they make it to [Northhaven](../../../astarus/places/cities/northhaven.md) alive, though he expects that they'll at least end up on trial, a concept that isn't commonplace in the [Kingdom of Astor](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/README.md). He elaborates for [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md)'s benefit: the General Supreme controls the [Astornar](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornar.md), who in turn control both the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox/README.md) and [Astorrel](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/README.md). When there is a conflict of jurisdiction between them, the [Astornar](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornar.md) can make a ruling by holding a trial.

Wrenn also mentions that the investigation of the meteors is an [Astorrel](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/README.md) concern.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) asks if it would be possible for the party to join the [Astorrel](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/README.md) as researchers, but Wrenn assures her that joining is a lengthy process that must be signed off on. When [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) asks if showing the [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) Meteorite would change their mind, Wrenn goes to talk about the work that [Astral Squad](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/squads/astral.md) have been doing, but stops, apologising and saying that he can't say anymore.

## [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) Reads Minds

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) casts Detect Thoughts, choosing to read the current thoughts of those around her. She does this with the Subtle Spell metamagic, casting it subtly with only the touch of a copper coin in her pouch.

After reading everyone's minds, [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) decides not to react or act on what she's learned.

### [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md)

Wrenn is conflicted by the situation he finds himself in. He knows he needs help, but is concerned about how Tyburn Dalvos and Elysia Vanderboss will act.

- Tyburn would not forgive him.
- Elysia would probably cut his throat in his sleep.

He recognises that it's a bad idea to bring more people aboard now and resolves to get to [Northhaven](../../../astarus/places/cities/northhaven.md) where Elysia will likely know what to do.

### [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md)

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) is singing to herself, joyous of having a horse to control.

### [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md)

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) is cursing the dream she had last night.

### [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md)

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) is playing the unknown deep and guttural voices back in her head, searching for meaning. Each time she plays them back, they lose a little bit more of their coherence.

### Horse

The horse is not intelligent enough to glean any thoughts from, causing the spell to end.

## Approaching Frizthwaite

The party rides for 8 hours towards Frizthwaite. It is quiet through the middle of another warm sunny summer's day.

*[Long rest for [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md)]*

### 18:00

About 20 minutes ago, [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) noticed some other figures following the cart, on the distant horizon behind them. They appear to be 3 horses with riders.

In front, [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) sees the village of Frizthwaite, with the [River Humar](../../../astarus/places/rivers-lakes/river-humar.md) behind it.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) alerts the party to the riders that she has noticed. [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md) summons his crow familiar, sending it into the sky and towards the riders. Closing his eyes, he sees through the crow's eyes, before opening them again.

Wrenn reports: 3 horses, each with 2 people on them for a total of 6. He can see that they're armed, and that they look like trouble. He's unsure if they're [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox/README.md) or not.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) forces the horse and cart into a sharp right turn and casts Pass Without Trace. This causes the cart's tracks to stop forming right before they turn.
