# PR4

| []() | |
| --- | --- |
| **Campaign** | [Purple Rain](../README.md) |
| **Session** | 4 |
| **Date** | Wed 2020-10-28 |
| **Absences** | |
| **Guests** | |
| **Storylines** | [Finding the Goldreach Meteorite](../storylines.md/finding-the-goldreach-meteorite.md)<br />[Wizira's Father Goes Missing](../storylines.md/wiziras-father-goes-missing.md) |

## Meeting with Wrenn

The party is greeted by [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md) in [Alistair Hawthorn](../../../astarus/people/alistair-hawthorn.md)’s House - the dining room where he has set up shop with his books and supplies.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) asks Wrenn if she is safe dropping her disguise here (in a subtle way). Wrenn orders the maid to leave the kitchen and go into her quarters in the backroom, shutting the door as she goes. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) drops her disguise.

Wrenn is glad that the party has shown up and is excited to get started. His offer of paying up to 50 gp for information or evidence of the meteor - ideally the meteor itself - still stands. He has made this offer to others in the past few days but nobody has returned with anything yet.

He has no map of the area but understands from the people he has talked to that the meteor impacted north west of town. He knows that there is plains, farmland and forest in this area, and is surprised that nobody has found anything yet.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) recalls details of her vision of the meteor impact. Wrenn is excited to hear another eyewitness account of the meteor’s descent. [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) explains that she saw a white trail, a flash of light on impact, and rising flames from beyond [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) viewed from the south east.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) suggests that the party asks the farmers north west of town what they know or have seen. Wrenn agrees.

Wrenn informs the party that he will be staying here. He summons his unnamed crow familiar with a high pitched whistle before explaining that he will be watching them, before using a low pitched whistle to make it vanish.

Wrenn informs [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) that he will be looking for information about her father while they are away, providing they come back with something useful to his research on the meteor.

## Revisiting Heather and Horticulture

After a brief debate, the party decides to get on with the task at hand, heading towards the edge of town via the marketplace. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) wishes to check in with Heather Pentz before leaving, so they head to [Heather & Horticulture](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/heather-and-horticulture.md) first. Everyone but [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) heads inside.

Heather initially does not properly acknowledge [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md), seeing her with unfamiliar faces. Heather asks [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) quietly about those with her, after which Heather treats [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) as she usually does.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) stocks up on rose petals (used as the material cost for the Sleep spell). Heather provides them after [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) fails to identify them in the shop herself.

Heather tells [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) that she tried to find out any information she could about what happened to [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md)’s father. After revealing that she used to be a member of the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md), she explains that she got in touch with her contacts within the [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md). They informed her that there were guards in [Hawkswood](../../../astarus/places/forests/hawkswood.md) the night of her father’s disappearance. She knows nothing more, but it is inferred by both her and [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) that it doesn’t bode well.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) can see that Heather is a bit shaken from the lengths that she went to in order to find out information for [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md). Heather is relieved that Wrenn may be able to help [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md), so that Heather doesn’t have to dig any further.

It has also become apparent to [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) that Heather has such a nice shop and serves expensive clientele because of her previous history with the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md).

## Heading North West

The party exits [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) to the north west, initially following the path leading to [Holyrook Farm](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/holyrook-farm.md). The marching order is [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md), [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md)/[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md), [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md). The weather is sunny, signaling another warm summer’s day. The journey begins at 10:30.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) looks for Wrenn’s raven and finds it, watching them from a rooftop on the edge of town. She attempts to lure it over using leftover food from this morning’s breakfast from [Holyrook Farm](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/holyrook-farm.md), but fails. Throwing a rock towards it has no effect.

Initially they try heading in the opposite direction to the wolves that [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) followed into [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) that morning. [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) spots flecks of blood in the dirt of the path. Searching the surrounding area she finds more blood, this time with wolf tracks. This gives them a trail to follow away from town.

## The Narrow Lake

After a few hours a long and thin lake catches the party’s eye 2 miles to the east, on the other side of the path that they had been following. They head down to the bank of the lake.

The lake’s edge is merely grassy with bullrushes - no particular demarcation.

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) tries to fish by throwing her halberd at the fish in the water. The first attempt fails, with her halberd sticking into the lake bed, pole sticking out of the water. The second attempt is worse - the halberd falls over and [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) has to wade into the water to retrieve it.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) casts Faerie Fire which makes the fish glow in the water, making catching them easier. [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) tries again but continues to fail. [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) attempts to capture one with Mage Hand, but the hand sploshing about in the water trying to grab a fish scares them all off.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) finds a spot on the lake’s edge that looks like it might be home to catfish, before leaping directly onto it, creating a giant splash. This exposes one catfish. She casts Ice Knife and successfully spears it, catching lunch.

The party builds a fire and cooks the fish, breaking for lunch before regaining the wolves’ trail, continuing north west, further off the path.

As the party continues in this direction, they can see a meandering stream set in a ditch to the north, a bridge further along the stream to the north east, and a farm building just beyond it. They decide to follow the stream east towards the bridge, while [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) successfully leaps the stream and keeps pace on the other side.

## At [Nightcrest Farm](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/nightcrest-farm.md)

The party arrives at [Nightcrest Farm](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/nightcrest-farm.md), seeing its single storey wooden house with two grain silos behind it, both connected with a stone perimeter wall. They spot Arneg Tanagark pulling a cattle plow in a field, accompanied by another person doing the same.

They get his attention, at which point he drops his plow and comes over to greet the party.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) asks about the meteor. Arneg tells them that it woke him up in the night, making a thud sound. He doesn’t know which direction it was from here. He also tells the party that others have come and asked him already, and he told them the same things. His farm hand saw nothing as he lives in [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) and travels here for paid work.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) admires his abs, which are on display due to his sleeveless shirt.

Arneg offers the party some beer, which they are more than happy to receive - in particular [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) and [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md). He leads them into his courtyard and towards a small wooden lean-to on the back of his house. In here is the keg that he’s been brewing his own beer. He offers the group (minus [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) who is looking around) a taste, handing them each a wooden tankard containing a sample. 

- [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) takes a drink, tasting it like a connoisseur. She passes the constitution saving throw and is fine, but it tastes bad, likely due to a yeast infection. She feels the need to vomit.
- [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) takes a small sip. It tastes bad.
- [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) takes a small sip. She feels the need to vomit and does.

As it becomes clear to Arneg that the beer isn’t tasty, [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) offers to have a look at their setup. She identifies a few issues with this brewing method and provides him pointers on how to do better next time. He is thankful for the advice.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) climbs up a large tree behind the farm to get a view of the nearby area. She succeeds and spots a circular lake to the west, surrounded by plains and somewhat enveloped by the forest. She also spots another farm building to the north west. Both are equidistant from here.

The party leaves [Nightcrest farm](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/nightcrest-farm.md), heading towards the lake.
