# PR9

| []() | |
| --- | --- |
| **Campaign** | [Purple Rain](../README.md) |
| **Session** | 9 |
| **Date** | Wed 2020-12-02 |
| **Absences** | |
| **Guests** | |
| **Storylines** | [Finding the Goldreach Meteorite](../storylines.md/finding-the-goldreach-meteorite.md)<br />[Magicborn on the Run](../storylines.md/magicborn-on-the-run.md)<br />[Wizira's Father Goes Missing](../storylines.md/wiziras-father-goes-missing.md) |

## Subduing the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) Commander

After the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) Commander is pecked & scratched by [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md)'s crow familiar, and having been drop-kicked by one of the meteor adventurers, he gets back up, face bloodied, beginning to draw his sword.

- [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) tries to throw Wrenn's crow familiar (which she had removed from his face) back at him, but it flies off into the sky.
- [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) uses Mould Earth to scoop out the ground from below him, causing him to fall backwards into the hole.
- [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) tries to use Mage Hand to unbuckle his belt but fails.
- [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) tries to headbutt him.

The commander tries to get up again, decrying the party as [magicborn](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/magicborn.md) who are stubbornly resisting.

- [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) attempts to grapple him but fails.
- [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) uses Mould Earth again, moving the earth back around him, half submerging him in the ground.
- [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) intimidates him with her dagger, urging him to stop.

The commander tells [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) that the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) will eventually catch up with them. [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) retorts that it won't be him, nor will it be today, causing the commander to stand down completely. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) casts Healing Word on him, rewarding him for his obedience, while reminding him that not all [magicborn](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/magicborn.md) are bad.

Under [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md)'s questioning, the commander reveals that the [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) are aware that at least some of the party are [magicborn](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/magicborn.md), and that [Alistair Hawthorn](../../../astarus/people/alistair-hawthorn.md) had ordered him to find the party, with descriptions of each of them. The party asks him about [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md), considering he is known to be [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md), but the commander explains that as he is not [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md), he is of no concern to him. He asks to be killed rather than suffer through more questions, but the party leaves him.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md)'s crow familiar returns, landing on [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md)'s shoulder. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) uses Speech of Beast and Leaf to speak with the crow, asking it if [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md) is in trouble. With that, it takes off in the direction of [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md).

## Arriving at [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md)

The party lead by [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) makes their way back to [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) in the dark, passing by [Holyrook Farm](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/holyrook-farm.md) and without any incident.

Suddenly a large series of lights appears above [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md), lighting up the rooftops. They are a series of floating lights created by Wrenn's Dancing Lights spell. Not long after, the sound of a bell being rang faintly reaches the party, after which the lights vanish.

Wrenn's crow familiar returns, cawing loudly at the party to hurry up. After a 45 minute walk, the party reaches the edge of [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) by the [Northern Road](../../../astarus/places/roads/northern-road.md) as it passes through town.

Diving into a back alley, [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) uses Disguise Self to become an [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) Guard. The rest of the party agrees to wait in [the alley](../../../astarus/places/buildings/shops/the-alley.md) while [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) scouts ahead further into town.

Not far from [Heather & Horticulture](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/heather-and-horticulture.md), [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) comes across a group of four guards who tell [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) that they've lost him (Wrenn), but they believe he's moved back towards the center of town, before running off towards the marketplace.

## [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) in the Marketplace

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) follows the guards into [Goldreach Marketplace](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/goldreach-marketplace.md). She sees three groups of guards running in the same direction, towards [Flute Street](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/flute-street.md), encouraging each other with conviction that they're going the right way.

As they run to the opposite end of the marketplace, four more Dancing Lights appear in the sky above [Flute Street](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/flute-street.md), illuminating the town below. The guards stop for a moment, looking up in awe and remarking at the sight. Patrons in [The Slippery Weasel](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/the-slippery-weasel.md) look out of the windows, trying to catch a glimpse of what's going on. The guards resume running in that direction.

The guards posted outside of the [Goldreach Astornox Stronghold](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/goldreach-astornox-stronghold.md) remain in place. The sound of a bell rings out once again from within.

[Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md) speaks to [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) with Message, explaining that things haven't gone to plan, and to meet him at her secret garden behind [Heather & Horticulture](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/heather-and-horticulture.md). [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) returns to [the alley](../../../astarus/places/buildings/shops/the-alley.md) to reconvene with the rest of the party, convincing the party of who she is, insisting that the party follows her immediately. They comply.

## At [Heather & Horticulture](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/heather-and-horticulture.md)

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) leads the party to [Heather & Horticulture](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/heather-and-horticulture.md), two streets away. As [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) rounds the corner to enter the store, she sees several guards down the street and holds the party back until they run off down another street.

The party enters the building which is unlocked. The store appears normal, but unlit as if it is closed (which it is). [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) leads the party behind the counter, down the corridor and knocks on Heather Pentz's living area door.

Heather appears at the side door of the corridor, looking tired and concerned, ushering the party into the secret garden beyond it. The party emerges into the courtyard to see [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md) who approaches the party.

He rambles at the party, clearly in shock and unable to create coherent sentences. He tries to convey to the party how badly the situation has deteriorated. He informs [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) that the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) have captured her father as a suspected [magicborn](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/magicborn.md), and that he has been shipped off to the capital, [Northhaven](../../../astarus/places/cities/northhaven.md). [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) queries how long ago he was captured, and Wrenn says 3 or 4 days ago, which matches up with when he went missing. Additionally he reveals that her father was shipped off yesterday and was not the only person in the cart. Struggling to speak, Wrenn gestures for Heather to explain further.

Heather explains that Wrenn was poking around in the [Goldreach Astornox Stronghold](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/goldreach-astornox-stronghold.md) where he found out what had happened, but was caught. She explains that [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md)'s Father had been held in a cell, and that the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) intends to conscript him. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) asks how many guards may be escorting him, and Heather estimates that it would be 6.

Wrenn insists that he and the party leaves immediately. He doesn't want to die, and he's not finished his research yet. He gets emotional at the prospect and is anguished over his potential fate.

He then remembers that he sent the party out to find the [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) Meteor and inquires about what they learned. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) takes out the pouch that she stored her Meteoric Dust in and hands it to Wrenn. He takes a look before his eyes bulge, clearly ecstatic. He puts his fingers in it, examines the texture, and tries to lick a small amount, but [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) stops him, explaining that it used to have a purple glow.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) and [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) mention the "giant grey dog creatures with multiple arms", "blade arms". A lot of the colour leaves Wrenn's face but he tries to hide it. Wrenn congratulates the party, but changes the topic, insisting that there are more pressing matters right now.

He once again insists that he and the party leave for [Northhaven](../../../astarus/places/cities/northhaven.md), and that his people will keep them all safe. [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) questions this, as "his people" are [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md), who are currently trying to capture them. Wrenn insists that they aren't his people, pointing at his [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) badge and attempting to explain.

Heather picks up on what he's trying to say and realises, asking "are you?" before Wrenn nods. Heather puts her hands to her mouth.

*[Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md):*

> Not [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md), [Astorrel](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/astorrel.md).
>
> [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md): military. Guards, war, keep the peace. [Astorrel](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/astorrel.md): nature, protection, environment.
>
> [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md), [Astorrel](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/astorrel.md)... oil, water... chalk, cheese. Different organisations!

Heather steps in to try and clear up the confusion. She explains that the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) are the military branch of the kingdom. They are empowered by the [Astornar](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornar.md), the generals who run the kingdom. They're also peacekeepers and guards. The [Astorrel](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/astorrel.md) are a different organisation, much smaller, whose job is to look after nature and make sure the kingdom isn't destroying it.

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) asks if that means Wrenn hunts [magicborn](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/magicborn.md), but he explains that since he left the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) for the [Astorrel](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/astorrel.md), he has other duties.

Wrenn explains what he feels the party's options are now:

- They could go to the [Northhaven Astorrel Stronghold](../../../astarus/places/strongholds/northhaven-astorrel-stronghold.md), where [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) cannot enter, and be safe for a time.
- They could stay here at the [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) Temple, where [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) cannot enter, and be safe for a time.

As it becomes clear that [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md)'s Father is being taken to [Northhaven](../../../astarus/places/cities/northhaven.md), they could seek sanctuary in [Northhaven](../../../astarus/places/cities/northhaven.md), and the library that Wrenn has promised to get [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) access to is in [Northhaven](../../../astarus/places/cities/northhaven.md), their destination is clear.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) makes it clear that [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md)'s payment may be getting Wrenn's help in freeing her father, but [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) still expects payment in coin. Wrenn agrees and throws her the bag containing 50 gp that was originally promised to the party for their [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) Meteorite efforts, explaining it as a down payment for their continued help, with more to come once he is safe.

Wrenn begins packing his papers and books into his bag haphazardly, ready to hit the road. He apologises for threatening Heather, hoping she will understand. She explains that he let himself in and threatened to expose her secret garden if she didn't cooperate.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) asks what the plan is, asking Wrenn to conjure more Dancing Lights. He goes back to his wizard's tome, flipping through the pages for a conjuration spell. He dismisses the lights before summoning more to the north, then casts Minor Illusion to create a loud thundering boom sound, which rattles the buildings around the party. With that done, the party heads out of the secret garden.

## Time to Leave Town

As the party starts making their way out from the back of [Heather & Horticulture](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/heather-and-horticulture.md). As they do so, 3 guards run past the shop and around the corner. One is seen looking in the window as he went. The party hides out of sight for a moment while waiting for his return.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md), still disguised as an [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) Guard, exits the building alone. She sees the 3 guards who had ran past but have now doubled back. The [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) Commander present insists that she follows them, which she does. Together they run back to the [Goldreach Marketplace](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/goldreach-marketplace.md).

The rest of the party begins making their way to the edge of town.
