# PR03

| []() | |
| --- | --- |
| **Campaign** | [Purple Rain](../purple-rain.md) |
| **Session** | 3 |
| **Date** | Wed 2020-10-21 |
| **Absences** | |
| **Guests** | |
| **Storylines** | [Wolves Threaten Goldreach](../storylines.md/wolves-threaten-goldreach.md)<br />[Finding the Goldreach Meteorite](../storylines.md/finding-the-goldreach-meteorite.md) |

## Wolves Attack [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) Outskirts

Tobra and [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) arrived on the outskirts of [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) near the [Four Scythes Inn](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/four-scythes-inn.md). [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) and [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) arrived soon after.

Around the corner of the inn two wolves were found - one that had already broken into a house across the street, and another attempting to break into a house further down. [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) moved to engage the second wolf before it entered the house.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) entered the inn to see what was going on inside. The innkeeper - Tilley Bishop - and a few patrons were taking shelter, with keen eyes on the window. When Tilley shouted at [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) to get out or stay in but to shut the door, she left without closing it.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) and [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) entered the first building and confronted the first wolf, but not before it attacked and knocked unconscious the male drigg sleeping inside. It then tried to exit but was trapped at the door. In fear for its life it bit [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md), immediately knocking her unconscious before fleeing away from town. Not long after it was struck and killed by a Magic Missile dart from [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md).

Further down the street a battle between the dire wolf, one other wolf from the pack, [Alistair Hawthorn](../../../astarus/people/alistair-hawthorn.md), and two [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) played out. Alistair took a big hit from the dire wolf but bounced back strong, seriously wounding it while his guards took out the other wolf. The dire wolf attempted to flee but the guards took it down with their pikes.

Meanwhile two more wolves from behind the inn ambushed [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md). [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) uses Healing Hands to stabilise [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) who then wakes up and rejoins combat. The party works together to take down the two remaining wolves, bringing their kill count to 4 wolves. Combat wraps up around the same time that the [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) finishes off the dire wolf.

## Aftermath

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) rushes into the first house to help the male drigg that was attacked by the first wolf in their sleep. Their wife is distraught and trying to help her husband who is bleeding profusely under his bedsheets. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) removes the bedding and helps to stop the bleeding.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) realises that the dead wolves are singed from magical fire attacks and sets fire to the last two to die, creating a bonfire that she throws another wolf on.

Tobra proceeds down the street and greets [Alistair Hawthorn](../../../astarus/people/alistair-hawthorn.md), soon followed by [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md). He is still shaken from a difficult fight, out of breath and somewhat injured, but examining the corpse of the dire wolf. Learning of the four wolves that the party killed, he is extremely thankful for their help and tells them that the situation could have been a lot worse if they hadn’t been here. He was out on patrol in the area which was fortunate.

Alistair hasn’t seen a dire wolf before. He informs the party that typically the wolves prey on the vulnerable and alone during the night, and are never seen during the day. They are normally opportunistic predators, most recently north west of town. This is extremely uncharacteristic of them.

Alistair orders the [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md), now with more guards arriving, to sweep the area to find more wolves while also tending to the wounded and secure the area. They go door to door checking everyone is okay.

After [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) tells Alistair of the injured male drigg in the first house, two guards are ordered to rush in and help. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) lets them carry the injured man away for medical attention back at the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) HQ.

Alistair walks [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) and [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) back up the street so that he can inspect their kills. He sees the pile of burning wolves and inspects it. [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) told him that her homemade fire arrows did this. He doesn’t see any arrows in the fire, but doesn’t think anything is suspicious. Guards are sent to clear the wolf corpses from the street.

With the party assembled, Alistair thanks them all for their help defending the town. He uses the word drigg to refer to the people who were attacked by the wolves. He invites the party to visit him at the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) HQ tomorrow morning so that he can reward them for their bravery.

## On [Flute Street](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/flute-street.md)

The party informs Alistair that they’re going to meet [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md) at 12 [Flute Street](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/flute-street.md). Alistair tells them that Wrenn is staying at his house. They’ll be a guard on [Flute Street](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/flute-street.md), but they can bypass him by using the code word “daybreak”.

They leave the area, pushing through the crowd that has started to form and is being held at bay by the guards. Heading through the marketplace they go around the side of the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) compound and onto [Flute Street](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/flute-street.md).

Here a guard stops them and asks their business. After hearing the code word he gladly leads them to Alistair’s house, apologising for bothering them.

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) walks through the front garden and knocks on the front door. She is greeted by the house maid, Patsy Tilbert. She lets the party inside and shows them to Wrenn who is in the dining room writing and examining his books.
