# PR10

| []() | |
| --- | --- |
| **Campaign** | [Purple Rain](../purple-rain.md) |
| **Session** | 10 |
| **Date** | Wed 2020-12-09 |
| **Absences** | |
| **Guests** | |
| **Storylines** | [Magicborn on the Run](../storylines.md/magicborn-on-the-run.md)<br />[Saoirse's Aasimar Cleansing](../storylines.md/saoirses-aasimar-cleansing.md)<br />[Thanea's Aasimar Awakening](../storylines.md/thaneas-aasimar-awakening.md)<br />[Torbra's Giant Lineage](../storylines.md/torbras-giant-lineage.md)<br />[Wizira's Father Goes Missing](../storylines.md/wiziras-father-goes-missing.md) |

## [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) Follows the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md)

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md), disguised as an [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) Guard, urged by an [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) Commander to follow him back to the [Goldreach Marketplace](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/goldreach-marketplace.md), does as she is told and follows.

Outside of the [Goldreach Astornox Stronghold](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/goldreach-astornox-stronghold.md), several groups of [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) line up in military formation. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) continues to blend in. Four higher ranking [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) step forward to meet [Alistair Hawthorn](../../../astarus/people/alistair-hawthorn.md) who emerges from the stronghold, flanked by guards.

Alistair chastises the officers for not finding [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md) yet, demanding an explanation. The officers grovel, offering information and suggestions uselessly, panicked by the situation and their captain.

Alistair insists that the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) check again, escalating their search to checking each building in [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md). He is convinced that Wrenn can't have gone far. One of the officers to his side suggests that the [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) informs "the other towns". Alistair condescendingly tells him that he knows, but that they'll only do that when they absolutely have to, or it's his neck on the line. Alistair instructs everyone present to return here within 30 minutes following a swift search operation.

Each [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) squad begins moving out, each in different directions. The squad that [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) is with heads towards [Flute Street](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/flute-street.md), down a different nearby street unfamiliar to her. She follows and does as she is told.

Once on the street, the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) Commander spreads out the four members of the squad, assigning them to streets, instructing them to knock on doors and search inside. He begins further down the street, knocking on his first door.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) plays the part, knocking on her first door. The father within opens the door, terror on his face. Further in, his wife and two children are standing on the stairs in similar fear, watching on. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) insists on coming inside, and the family allows her to investigate. She finds nothing suspicious on the ground floor, nor in the bedroom-like attic.

Exiting her first house, [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) sees that the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) Commander is on to his second house, as the door is open, but he must be inside. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) takes the opportunity to Wild Shape herself into a cat, scampering off towards the edge of [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md).

## Heading to the Edge of Town

The rest of the party makes their way out of [Heather & Horticulture](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/heather-and-horticulture.md) with [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md), intending to head to the [Goldreach Stables](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/goldreach-stables.md). They decide to head directly to the outskirts of time first, circling round.

They make their way round the outskirts until they find the [Four Scythes Inn](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/four-scythes-inn.md). The party hesitates, looking for signs of activity, particularly if there are any [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) nearby or within.

Wrenn gets impatient, searching through his wizard's book before casting Misty Step, teleporting himself to the corner of the inn. The party loses track of him briefly before seeing him across the road, peering around the corner and into the inn's window. He gives a signal to the party, indicating that it is safe to cross.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) and [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) hear a rustling in the grass behind them, discovering a cat ([Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md)) approaching the group. The party doesn't recognise it as [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md).

## Heading to the Stables

The party proceeds down the street, heading towards the [Goldreach Stables](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/goldreach-stables.md). They come to the 5-way crossroad where the [Northern Road](../../../astarus/places/roads/northern-road.md) passes through town. As they reach here, they decide which direction to go next.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) has been following the group. She goes up to Wrenn and rubs herself against his legs. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) realises that it's her.

A discussion on how to proceed goes on for a while, giving 3 guards down the street who are going door-to-door, a chance to see them down the street. Eventually their suspicions are raised and they see the party, breaking into a run in their direction.

[Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md) casts Fog Cloud on their current location right as [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) scoops him up from the floor. The fog obscures the crossroad, hopefully concealing their direction of travel.

The group realises that they're in trouble and begins running towards the [Goldreach Stables](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/goldreach-stables.md). They run down the street and see the stables to their right after the row of buildings end.

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) tries to shoulder barge through the door while carrying Wrenn, but bounces right off of it, dropping Wrenn to the ground. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) casts Eldritch Blast at the door, shattering the middle of the door which bursts open, still attached to the hinge and lock.

Inside the barn, the party looks around for a means of escape. They find a cart connected to a horse that is ready to go. [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) finds a horse that she wishes to ride herself, attempting to hop on, but fails her animal handling check and falls off.

The party begins to get aboard the cart.

- [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) on the front, driving.
- [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) on the front, navigating.
- Everyone else in the back.

With everyone in position, [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) orders the horse to start moving. She steers the horse to one of the stable exits. As this happens, the 3 [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) Guards burst through the destroyed door into the stables, swords fully drawn. One shouts for them to stop and get back here. After a few moments of them chasing the cart, they give up, clearly not able to catch them.

## Skipping Town

### 03:00

Riding 30 minutes out of [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) to the south along the [Northern Road](../../../astarus/places/roads/northern-road.md), the party starts to feel even more tired, having not slept in about 20 hours.

| Character | Exhaustion | Status |
| --- |:---:| --- |
| [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) | 2 | Goes to sleep. |
| [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) | 1 | Stays awake. |
| [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) | 0 | Actively riding the horse and cart. |
| [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) | 1 | Asleep since [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md). |
| [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md) | 0 | Stays awake. |

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) asks Wrenn to explain himself and what the plan of action is. He explains that he searched for information about [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md)'s Father, suspecting that he had been captured by the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md). He was caught checking through records, and that he accidentally let slip that he knew [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md). This meant he was harbouring [magicborn](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/magicborn.md), which to an [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) was a serious crime.

He asks the rest of the group if they are [magicborn](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/magicborn.md). [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) asks him if he is familiar with prophetic dreams. He asks specifically if they occur while awake or while asleep, to which [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) confirms that they happen while she sleeps. Wrenn tells [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) that he's not heard of such a thing before.

| Character | [Magicborn](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/magicborn.md)? (Wrenn's Perspective) |
| --- | --- |
| [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) | Yes - witnessed first hand (Eldrich Blast). |
| [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) | Yes - firbolg, witnessed first hand (Wild Shape). |
| [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) | Unknown - evasive when asked.
| [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) | Unknown - told Wrenn that she's not sure herself. |

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) laments that her prophetic dreams always end up with her in trouble.

Wrenn explains that [Alistair Hawthorn](../../../astarus/people/alistair-hawthorn.md) will be hunting for them (as [magicborn](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/magicborn.md)) now, but eventually others will too. Wrenn begins to sob quietly.

Wrenn hands a [Meteoric Map of Astor](../../../astarus/other/meteoric-map-of-astor.md) to [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md), explaining that it will be of some use. She inquires about the crosses on the map, but Wrenn explains that he's not sure what they are as the map is borrowed (lie). [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) stops the cart so that those awake can consult the map, moving [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) into the back of the cart.

Using the map, Wrenn shows that the group should be aiming for [Northhaven](../../../astarus/places/cities/northhaven.md), which is about 5 days travel away. [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) suggests heading to [Beckermet](../../../astarus/places/towns/beckermet.md) down the [Northern Road](../../../astarus/places/roads/northern-road.md). Wrenn cautions staying to the main roads and towns as the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) stationed there will eventually start looking for them, and that there is a large [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) garrison in Eaglesfield.

Instead, [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) devises a plan to follow the [Northern Road](../../../astarus/places/roads/northern-road.md) south until the start of the [Grasthwaite Bend](../../../astarus/places/roads/grasthwaite-bend.md), then head across the plains to [Frizthwaite](../../../astarus/places/villages/frizthwaite.md) before heading south via the [River Humar](../../../astarus/places/rivers-lakes/river-humar.md) or the [Humar Cut](../../../astarus/places/roads/humar-cut.md).

As they proceed south, [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) chooses to stay awake with [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md), riding up front with her, while Wrenn goes to sleep.

## [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) Deva Dream 1

While asleep, [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) begins dreaming.

She is back in the [Hawkswood Wolf Cave](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/places/hawkswood-wolf-cave.md), lying on the floor in the meteor crater, bathed in a purple glow. She recognises this as the place and time where she became unconscious after throwing herself on the [Goldreach](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/settlements/goldreach/README.md) Meteor.

She's not able to move, but she is able to look around her. She sees the rest of her party fighting 3 Meteoric Watchers, locked in tense combat, bloodied and fighting for their lives, on the verge of death.

From the corner of her vision comes her deva, Mykiel. He is bathed in golden-white light that doesn't interact with the surrounding environment. Gracefully he walks over to her, wings outspread, then kneels before her and offers her a hand.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) chooses to try to reach out to him. Some feeling and movement returns to her fingertips and then her hand and arm, allowing her to reach out to him. As their hands touch, a radiant warmth overtakes her, freeing her from her paralysis. Mykiel helps her up.

As she observes the frantic battle around her, she feels disconnected from it, with little sound in her ears. She is more focused on her deva, standing next to her.

Beyond all of this on the opposite side of the cave, she also sees her hag patron, Effie Silttooth, surrounded in an ominous spectral glow that also doesn't interact with the scenery. She stares at [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) disapprovingly, lowering her head without breaking her gaze. As [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) looks back at Mykiel, he shakes his head slowly several times.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) falls backwards, banging her head on the ground. As she picks herself back up, the scene has changed. She is positioned in the center of the meteor crater between the one remaining Meteoric Watcher, clearly injured but ready to continue fighting, and her party. The watcher looks through her, focused on the party beyond.

Over the watcher's left shoulder she sees Effie. Over its right is Mykiel.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) must decide what to do next. She chooses to draw her daggers and attack the Meteoric Watcher. As she gets up, she notices glowing wings attached to her back, matching those of her deva. Suddenly all of her worldly worries melt away as she is filled with a pleasant warmth.

As she draws her draggers they begin to glow, casting a golden-white light across the nearby crater. The Meteoric Watcher recoils for a moment before lunging towards her. She stabs with both daggers, causing it to begin cracking with white light, until it explodes into Meteoric Dust which flies across the crater.

Her dream ends and she stays asleep. She awakes the next morning having slept well, with a lingering pleasantness from the dream.

## [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md) on the Road

Riding for another 4 hours, [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) and [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) see the daylight emerge.

### 08:00

The party approaches the beginning of [Grasthwaite Bend](../../../astarus/places/roads/grasthwaite-bend.md).

On the road ahead, 2 horses and riders begin to approach. As they get closer, it becomes clear that they are [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md), complete with the usual armour and weaponry.
