# PR12

| []() | |
| --- | --- |
| **Campaign** | [Purple Rain](../README.md) |
| **Session** | 12 |
| **Date** | Wed 2021-01-27 |
| **Absences** | |
| **Guests** | |
| **Storylines** | |

---

## Bandits on Horseback

- 3 horses, each with 2 riders.
  - Horse 1: [Morog Whiteknuckle](../../../astarus/people/morog-whiteknuckle.md) ([Berserker](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/berserker), rider), [Thug](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/thug).
  - Horse 2, 3: [Bandit](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/bandit) (rider), [Thug](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/thug).

The group is part of [The Crimson Blades](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/the-crimson-blades.md). [Morog Whiteknuckle](../../../astarus/people/morog-whiteknuckle.md) is here to capture [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md) at any cost, and return him to [Stalker](../../../astarus/people/stalker.md) in Carnmere. He owes them the rest of their pay for finding the Carnmere Meteorite.

Wrenn is not aware that they succeeded, assuming that they'd ran off with his money.

---

## Bandits Approach

As [Frizthwaite](../../../astarus/places/villages/frizthwaite.md) appears on the horizon ahead, [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) steers the cart to the right to try and shake the 3 horses and their double riders. While moving off in this direction, the party debated what their options are.

Soon it became evident that the riders were pursuing them, changing their direction to match the party and their cart. Furthermore, the riders could be seen closing at great speed. Realising the element of surprise had been lost, the bandits decided to act decisively.

The party decided to get out of the cart in the open plains, unhitching the draft horse which [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) would ride into battle. The cart was to be turned over and onto its side by [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md)'s Mould Earth, acting as full cover due to its size.

While [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) rode off to meet the enemies in mounted combat, the rest of the party (including Wrenn) took cover behind the cart, awaiting the incoming combatants.

## Fighting the Bandits

Battle began with [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) riding to meet the 3 horses in the field. She got a look at their makeup:

- [Morog Whiteknuckle](../../../astarus/people/morog-whiteknuckle.md) ([Berserker]())
- 3x Thug
- 2x Bandit

Quickly the riding horses enveloped the cart, taking heavy crossbow shots at both [Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) on horseback and those hiding behind the cart.

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) wastes no time in attacking one of the horses, killing it during an attack of opportunity. This forces both the bandit and thug to go on foot, the thug thrown to the floor, prone.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) casts Entangle on the lead horse, forcing the thug on its back to fall off (prone) and restrained by the vines.

Wrenn casts Mage Armor on himself and resolves to hide from the ensuing combat, staying behind the cart as much as possible.

The bandit riding the third hose dismounts gracefully, while the thug takes the reins. He makes a break for Wrenn, attempting (and failing) to grapple him, signaling to the party the intention of the skirmish - to capture [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md). Not long after this the second bandit joins to help in this endeavour.

At the point where the lead and third horses cross behind the cart, [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) casts Spike Growth in an area that affects both of them, threatening to shred the horses underfoot as they travel through it. The third horse manages to make it out of the area alive, but the lead horse does not, dismounting Morog behind the cart, staring down the party.

Meanwhile, Wrenn uses Misty Step to teleport away from the bandits trying to grapple him, fleeing to the other side of the cart. This catches the attention of the third horse and the thug riding it, who moves in to secure him.

[Morog Whiteknuckle](../../../astarus/people/morog-whiteknuckle.md) rushes into the fray, facing off against [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md), [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) and [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) at once. [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) uses Wild Shape to transform into a wolf. [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) moves to flank him, but he stands his ground, feeling confident with his large health pool.

The bandits run after Wrenn, surrounding him along with the thug. They manage to grapple him and attempt to restrain him with a rope, but are having trouble.

Morog doubles down on his attacks, raging repeatedly (reckless) and slashing at [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) single-mindedly.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md), noticing the bandits attempting to capture Wrenn, casts Sleep on the pack, sending both bandits and Wrenn to sleep, preventing his capture for the time being.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) and [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) rush to Wrenn's aid, biting and stabbing the bandits respectively, finishing them off. While this is happening, the remaining thugs move in to surround the group, while [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) faces off against Morog one-on-one.

## The Fight Goes South

Within a few short moments, the fight turns against the party.

[Torbra](../../../astarus/people/torbra.md) is knocked from her horse while attempting to swing at one of the thugs (natural 1 consequence), knocking her prone.

[Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) is approached by two thugs who begin to engage with her in melee range.

[Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) takes heavy hits from Morog who shows no signs of stopping. She disengages and chooses to hide on the other side of the cart.

## [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) Passes Out

Suffering 4 blows from 2 thugs, [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) drops to 0 health and falls to the floor unconscious. The 3rd attack does this, resulting in 2 death save failures from the second hit - a critical hit causes by [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) being unconscious.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) rushes to her rescue, casting Healing Word before she has a chance to fail another death save.

## The Party Surrenders

At this point, [Morog Whiteknuckle](../../../astarus/people/morog-whiteknuckle.md), who has emerged from the other side of the cart after [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) fled, orders the party to surrender. The thugs train their crossbows on the party, and reluctantly each party member drops their weapons and yields.

Morog instructs his entourage to take [Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md). They tie him up and throw him over the back of one of the two alive horses, before getting ready to depart, their mission complete.

Morog converses with the party, initially exclaiming that he wasn't expecting a party so large to be traveling with Wrenn. He commends them on a fight well fought, stressing that the party is lucky that their business is only with Wrenn, or they would have died this day.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) asks who the bandits are, and [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) asks where they're taking Wrenn. Morog introduces himself as a member of [The Crimson Blades](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/the-crimson-blades.md). Wrenn owes them money, and he'll be taken back to their boss ([Stalker](../../../astarus/people/stalker.md)), though where that is he will not say. When [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) asks if Morog has anything to do with the [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox.md), he laughs and spits on the ground in disgust.

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) and [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) are frankly happy to see the back of Wrenn.

[The Crimson Blades](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/the-crimson-blades.md) begin to depart, some on foot, using the 2 horses to carry their injured and the subdued Wrenn.

As they leave, Morog threatens the party, telling them that if they ever meet again, he won't be so kind as to spare them next time.

They head off to the south across the grassy plains.

## The Aftermath

[Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) wakes [Saoirse](../../../astarus/people/saoirse.md) with her medical know-how.
