# PR14

| []() | |
| --- | --- |
| **Campaign** | [Purple Rain](../purple-rain.md) |
| **Session** | 14 |
| **Date** | Sat 2021-02-06 |
| **Absences** | |
| **Guests** | [EvA](../../../players/eva.md) (Sarleen) |
| **Storylines** | |

*This session was requested as a birthday present by Jess. It afforded the opportunity to have a double-length session (4 hours), and invite a guest.*

## TODO

- Character development:
  - Torbra:
    - Giant stone circle
      - Appearance
      - Words spoken
      - Runes
  - [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md)
    - Dream sequence - large meteor crashing to [Eskrigg](../../../astarus/places/cities/eskrigg.md)
    - If she rises to the challenge, she feels like she is flying
      - Unlocks her power
- [Astral squad](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/squads/astral.md)
  - Basic descriptions

## [Astorrel](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/astorrel.md) Rescue

[Wrenn Piznarck](../../../astarus/people/wrenn-piznarck.md) was able to use Sending (twice) to get a message to [Darjonkaargeac Hidaar](../../../astarus/people/darjonkaargeac-hidaar.md), leader of [Goshawk Squad](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/squads/goshawk.md):

> Help! Captured by bandits. Please help my friends! Hunted by [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox/astornox.md). They know information that will save Astor. Get them to Elysia!

> Captured near [Frizthwaite](../../../astarus/places/villages/frizthwaite.md). Heading to [Northhaven](../../../astarus/places/cities/northhaven.md) by boat or road. Blue firbolg, grey human--

[Goshawk Squad](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/squads/goshawk.md) is currently at [Ulburn](../../../astarus/places/villages/ulburn.md). Hidaar orders his squad to fan out and search for the party.

Whichever route they take, [Sparrow on the Autumn Pine](../../../astarus/people/sparrow-on-the-autumn-pine.md) finds them after riding around searching. She identifies either [Wizira](../../../astarus/people/wizira.md) (blue firbolg) or Torbra (grey human) and asks them for the name of the person they just lost as proof that it's them.

She explains that her [Astorrel Squad Lead](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astorrel/ranks/3-squad-lead.md), Hidaar, received a message from Wrenn, and they came as quick as they could. They should meet with him at [Ulburn](../../../astarus/places/villages/ulburn.md) to figure out what's going on.

## [Beckermet](../../../astarus/places/towns/beckermet.md)

If the party passes by [Beckermet](../../../astarus/places/towns/beckermet.md) by river, by the time they do, word will have reached the [Beckermet](../../../astarus/places/towns/beckermet.md) [Astornox](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox/astornox.md) of their crimes. The guards are on watch looking for people matching their descriptions.

[Astornox guards](../../../astarus/civilisations/kingdom-of-astor/organisations/astornox/ranks/1-guard.md) up [Beckermet](../../../astarus/places/towns/beckermet.md)'s waterside watchtowers should give the party cause for concern.

- [Guards](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/guard) have +2 perception.

## Boat Travel

- No special mechanics.
- Vehicles (water) proficiency can be added to any boat controlling rolls.

## Night Time

### [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md) Dream

- Walking through city streets ([Eskrigg](../../../astarus/places/cities/eskrigg.md))
- Busy city with tall buildings.
- Begins to snow lightly.
- Sees meteor in the sky, with a glowing winged figure (deva) rising to meet it, grappling it in mid air.
- Then a second.
- A third larger meteor appears, hurtling straight towards [Thanea](../../../astarus/people/thanea.md).
- What does she do?

### Torbra Standing Stones

- Voices return.
- Faint white glow just beyond the river bank.
- Voices grow louder when she looks that way, or gets closer.
- 4 standing stones, 2 ruined, 2 collapsed.
- Stepping into the circle, Torbra understands the guttural chanting voices.
- *"Learn the ways of our people. Learn the ways of your people."*
- *"Practice. Apply. Grow."*
- *"Embrace who you have always been. Go forth and seek."*
- Glowing runes on the 2 intact stones:
  - Frost rune: sky blue glow.
  - Stone rune: grey-brown glow.

Attempting to carve a rune:
- Requires smith's tools.
- 30 minutes per attempt.
- Dexterity check.
- DC for each rune starts at 20.
- Reduced by 2 for each unsuccessful attempt.

## By Day

Sarleen can be seen by the riverside.

Encounter:

- River: Lesser Water Elemental
- Riverside: Gnolls
